If you have attended the practicals regularly, you would know that with time series data, there is going to be serial correlation, and following what is done in the practicals, you would be looking at time-plots of the data, test of stationarity before and after suitable transformation (such as the KPSS test), and then look at the autocorrelograms and the partial autocorrelograms of the transformed series to try to fit the initial model. These are considered the initial steps of EDA for time series. Other plots such as box and whisker plots that you did with independently and identically sampled data in other earlier courses are not relevant here because the data is clearly going to be temporally correlated. E.g. you have never seen me doing box and whisker plots in the practicals!
After having transformed either of the series suitably, e.g. with log or trying 1st order difference first, then you look at the autocorrelograms and the partial autocorrelograms. Many of you have done this and clearly the autocorrelograms and the partial autocorrelograms show significant spikes at lags 11, 12 and 13. But most of you then chose ARIMA(1,1,q) or ARIMA(p,d,q) where p is some very small integer. These models are certainly inadequate and there was where you lost most of your marks because the rubric placed heavier weightage on getting at least 1 viable model - i.e., this model must have white noise residuals which clearly all these models did not!
You were advised to read up on relevant literature about the data. 3 students in the class did, and they gained valuable insights into the nature of the data, to the extent that they could also consider seasonal models on top of the correct viable ARIMA models with white noise residuals. (The relevant literature would have hinted as to what period to use.) So I envision that if you have a couple of viable ARIMA and SARIMA model for each series (in original and/or log scale), you would be able to do more comparisons and show which of these models fit the testing part of each series best in the Final Report.

You must demonstrate understanding and application of use of times series models in this course but may also choose to use models not covered if justified appropriately. 
Statistical inference and forecasting are both important aspects of the course. The research question you design and select should demonstrate one or both these aspects. The outcomes listed in the marking rubric can be used for further guidance.  
In the statistical appendices: 
A full mathematical description of any time series model and statistical test must be included in the EDA. 
A full mathematical description of any time series model and estimation procedure must be included in the report. 
